Are monsters a crime?
Did you make him a little upset?
And I apologized.
I'm talking too much.
Miss Wang, you are of noble birth.
Although not like me
Apologize, I know I was wrong.
Then you can look at him before turning to the back.
Let him go first
This is for the situation.
Miss Chang
Didn't you give this gift to Director Qian?
Just him
Mr. Tang, he is a waste
Why should he
I know it's me who doesn't value men
You are too distant
Full of honesty
I thought everyone was like you
Are you blind?
You don't want such a good man
I want
Can you be with me now?
Let me be honest.
He must know you have money.
That's why I deliberately flattered you
He is the best at pretending to be Goku and a good person
Is your brother like this in your eyes?
Good brother, he also deserves it.
He is this color is not fake
He has long been an elimination ghost
This congratulatory gift itself is only given according to the face of the situation
Since you don't admit that you are his brother
So hate it all back
In addition, our company
You are not allowed to be so untaught like you.
Supported employees
From now on
Remove Qin Ming from all positions in the Tang Group
follow